Create issue template for Housekeeping (#1350)
kirbydesign/designsystem: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/housekeeping-request.md

---
name: Housekeeping request
about: Suggestions for improving code quality
title: "[Housekeeping]"
labels: NOT Prioritized, NOT Tech refined, housekeeping
assignees: ''
---

**Short description of housekeeping request**

<!-- Replace the paragraph below with your own description -->

> Please provide a clear and concise description of what needs housekeeping and the reason for doing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a clear and concise description of what needs housekeeping along with a reason for doing it.
```

While very polite - please is not used in the paragraphs that is meant to be replaced in the other templates 😄

**Alternatives**

<!-- Replace the paragraph below with your own description -->

> Please provide a clear and concise description of any alternative solutions you've considered (if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a clear and concise description of any alternative solutions you've considered (if any).
```

While very polite - please is not used in the paragraphs that is meant to be replaced in the other templates 😄

**Additional context**

<!-- Replace the paragraph below with your own description -->

> Please add any other context about the housekeeping request e.g, links or screenshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add any other context about the housekeeping request e.g, links or screenshots.
```

While very polite - please is not used in the paragraphs that is meant to be replaced in the other templates 😄
